hi guys and in this episode I'll be
showing you how to use your Mac as a
wireless access point this is a quite a
useful trick that have not really been
not really that well-known but I'll show
you how to do it it's really simple
we're going to do to go into system
preferences click sharing and go to
internet sharing which is over here as
long as you haven't take this you'll be
able to change all of the settings in
here so if you share if you have your
internet via ethernet so it's like a
wide connection you'll have to select
that however if you want to use this to
increase the range of your of your Wi-Fi
or Internet using this is like the go
between the middle computer you can just
click Airport and it will work similarly
but I could have visit I have this
connection by Ethernet so I'll close
that and then I'll click Airport so what
that's basically doing is it's receiving
the Internet through the Ethernet port
and it will be distributing it by
airport you can obviously click Airport
options and choose password if you want
to encrypt it which I recommend you do a
user hundred twenty eight bit think
encryption which means you've been asked
to use 13 characters so it needs to be
13 characters long Chara which I
recommend ok so once you've got that all
sorted out you will have to go click or
tick internet sharing it'll ask you if
you want to do it press start and who
press so it's done I hope you enjoyed
the video if you liked it give it a like
comment rate or subscribe thank you very
much